remove handler groups from _examples/basic/5-cqrs-protobuf and polish it a bit (#525)
ThreeDotsLabs/watermill: docs/content/docs/cqrs.md

1. You can set `EventConfig.AckOnUnknownEvent` to true - it will acknowledge all events that are not handled by handler,
2. You can use Event Handler groups mechanism.

**Key differences between `EventProcessor` and `EventGroupProcessor`:**

1. `EventProcessor`:
- Each handler has its own subscriber instance
- One handler per event type
- Simple one-to-one matching of events to handlers

2. `EventGroupProcessor`:
- Group of handlers share a single subscriber instance (and one consumer group, if such mechanism is supported)
- One handler group can support multiple event types,
- When message arrives to the topic, Watermill will match it to the handler in the group based on event type

```kroki {type=mermaid}
graph TD
    subgraph Individual Handlers
        E[Event Bus] --> S1[Subscriber 1]
        E --> S2[Subscriber 2]
        E --> S3[Subscriber 3]
        S1 --> H1[Handler 1]
        S2 --> H2[Handler 2]
        S3 --> H3[Handler 3]
    end

    subgraph Group Handlers
        EB[Event Bus] --> SharedSub[Shared Subscriber]
        SharedSub --> GH[Handler Group]
        GH --> GH1[Handler 1]
        GH --> GH2[Handler 2]
        GH --> GH3[Handler 3]
    end
```

> **Event Handler groups are helpful, when you have multiple event of different types, and you want to maintain order of events.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Event Handler groups are helpful when you have multiple event types on one topic and you want to maintain order of events.**
```
